[CUBRIDMAN-73] Support User Schema. (#324)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/sql/identifier.rst

::

    "select"
    "@lowcost"
    "low cost"
    "abc" "def"
    [position]

.. Warning::

>     Even identifiers enclosed in double quotation marks, square brackets, or backticks cannot contain square brackets ([ ]) or dots (.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Even though identifiers are enclosed in double quotation marks, square brackets, or brackets, they cannot contain square brackets ([ ]) or dots (.).
```
I guess in here 'backpacks' is a typo of 'brackets'? 
And also, I am not sure whether the way I corrected is the same as the original meaning of this sentence, please check again.

Author: backticks means " ` " sign. It's not a typo.

Author: Thanks, I'll change it except for backticks.

    *  Square brackets are used by default to process reserved words when parsing a query inside.

>     *  Dots are used in Path Expressions and JSON, and are also used to separate schema names and object names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *  Dots are used in Path Expressions and JSON, and they are also used to separate schema names and object names.
```

Author: Thanks, I'll change it.

>     Following are identifiers enclosed in double quotation marks (" ") but not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following identifiers are not allowed even though they are enclosed in double quotation marks (" ")
```

Not sure whether the way I corrected is the same as the original meaning of this sentence, please check again.

Author: Thanks, I'll change it.
There is no difference in meaning.

    " abc" " def"
    [position]

Even identifiers enclosed in double quotation marks, square brackets, or backticks cannot contain square brackets ([ ]) or dots (.).

*  Square brackets are used by default to process reserved words when parsing a query inside.
*  Dots are used in Path Expressions and JSON, and are also used to separate schema names and object names.

Following are identifiers enclosed in double quotation marks (" ") but not allowed.

::

    "he[[o"
    "wor]d"
    "hello[]world"
    "hello.world"

> 

Reviewer 2: How about handling warnign visibly?
`.. Warning::`

Author: Thanks, I'll change it.

+-----------------------+-------------------+
| Java Stored Procedure | 254               |
+-----------------------+-------------------+
| Trigger               | 222               |
+-----------------------+-------------------+
| View                  | 222               |
+-----------------------+-------------------+
| Serial                | 222               |
+-----------------------+-------------------+

.. note::

>     Prior to version 11.2, the maximum length of table, trigger, and serial names was 254 bytes. Since version 11.2, table, trigger, and serial names contain schema names. Therefore, identifier names cannot exceed 222 bytes except for 31 bytes, which is the length of the owner name, and 1 byte, which is the length of the delimiter (.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Prior to version 11.2, the maximum length of table, trigger, and serial names were 254 bytes. Since version 11.2, table, trigger, and serial names contain schema names. Therefore, identifier names cannot exceed 222 bytes except for 31 bytes, which is the length of the owner name, and 1 byte, which is the length of the delimiter (.).
```

Author: Thanks, I'll change it.
